Translate update for Jun (#5)
TOAST-DOCS/RDS-FOR-POSTGRESQL: en/parameter-group.md

## Database > RDS for PostgreSQL > Parameter Group

## Parameter Group

RDS for PostgreSQL provides the parameter group feature to apply the settings of PostgreSQL installed on a DB instance. A parameter group is a set of parameters for which PostgreSQL can be set. Parameter groups provides a group of default parameters for each version of all DB engines upon service activation. Default parameter group is `default.{DB Engine Version Name}` and consists of the recommended default parameter values for each version. You can modify or delete a default parameter group the same as a normal parameter group.

### Create a Parameter Group

You can create parameter groups from Parameters web console as needed. Parameter groups are created by DB engine version and can be named, with the following restrictions.

* Name of parameter group has to be unique for each region.

> * Parameter group names are alphabetic, numeric, and - _ between 1 and 100 Only, and some symbols (-, _, .) and the first character has to be an alphabet.

Reviewer: @jungparc and - _ 과 some symbols (-, _, 내용이 중복되는것 같은데요. and - _은 제거해도 될것 같습니다.

> * Parameter group names are alphabetic, numeric, and - _ between 1 and 100 Only, and some symbols (-, _, .) and the first character has to be an alphabet.

Author: ```suggestion
Parameter group names can only contain alphabets between 1 and 100 characters, numbers, and some symbols (-, _, .), and the first letter must be an alphabetic character.
```

> * Parameter group names are alphabetic, numeric, and - _ between 1 and 100 Only, and some symbols (-, \_, .) and the first character has to be an alphabet.

Author: ```suggestion
* Parameter group names are alphabetic, numeric, and - _ between 1 and 100 Only, and some symbols (-, _, .) and the first character has to be an alphabet.
```

> Parameter group names can only contain alphabets between 1 and 100 characters, numbers, and some symbols (-, _, .), and the first letter must be an alphabetic character.

Author: @Ellenwief 수정하였습니다!
